                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                             
I went through the index.php page. Following are some of the improvements I feel are required in the page. Please look into the same. :)

TODO CSP ASSIGNMENT 2

1. Design a home page
2. Data Set Tab <--> instead of putting up the entire data set, either provide download link or link to google docs
3. Statewise Distribution Tab
	a. remove search or introduce functionality
	b. remove hyperlink from party names
	c. provide a total seats in state statistic in addition to individual parties
	d. remove Posted on September 12, 2012 by admin — No Comments ↓
	e. when no state is selected, provide info about whole of india and its political party distribution (discuss?)
	f. keep color of state changed even when no state is directly pointed to (either this or e)
4. Move home page to important plots
5. Current Home Page to be Important Plots
	a. What goes under the three home widgets?
	b. Histograms
		i. Incorporate state and political party filters into all histograms
		ii. no need of y-axis drop down
	c. Pie Chart
		i. Instead of percentage, show absolute values and numbers or better still, provide functionality to user in the form of a radio button
		ii. remove y-axis drop down menu
		iii. Incorporate state and political party filters
		iv. jab histogram se pie chart pe shift karte hain, tab 100% undefined aata hai, after changing x-axis drop down, correct waala aata hai, look into it
		v. change label of 'x-axis' to 'parameter'
	d. change from pie chart to histogram mein graph khaali aata hai
	e. Scatter Plot
		i. do not put any points on the y axis --> (translate graph slightly to the right?)
		ii. scatter plots for various other parameters bhi lao, refer to analysis tab names for all scatter plots that are needed.
			x-axis : ordinals like educational qualification(grad,post grad etc), sex, age, region (north,south,east,west), state size (big,small), alliances (upa,nda,third front), state, political party
			y-axis : performance parameters like attendance, questions, debates, bills, educational qualifications (using parameter values given to shivanker 0-6)
		iii. if possible, make lines in the scatter plot of a different colour in order to divide the plot into groups
		iv. No need of filters in scatter plots
	f. Area chart
		i. No need of filters
		ii. no need of y-axis drop down menu
		iii. y-axis labels on the left
		iv. x-axis pe khaali do options do: political party and state
		v. current x-axis ke dropdown ka naam change karke 'performance parameter' rakh do. Andar ki values sahi hain
	g. Bar chart
		i. x-axis pe hamesha frequency hi rahegi, so no need to provide dropdown menu for that
		ii. y-axis pe ordinals aayenge, change all options. for list of ordinals refer to 5.e.ii
		iii. increase size of bar and text. Text is not visible at all
		iv. Incorporate functionalitoes to sort either in alphabetical orders of ordinals or in the descending order of their frequencies
		v. Incorporate radio buttons to view frequency as absolute numbers or percentage
6. Incorporate mash up into the page